Update "Upstream pulls" in "Internal Procedures" (#1063)
ferrocene/ferrocene: ferrocene/doc/internal-procedures/src/upstream-pulls.rst

Fix conflict
^^^^^^^^^^^^

> To find the conflicting files locally run the following command::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find the conflicting files locally, run the following command::
```

  ferrocene/ci/scripts/detect-conflict-markers.py

The failures are also visible on CI, which is useful to track at what 
stage the failure happened and how it is affecting the build.

> .. figure:: figures/ci-failure.png

Reviewer 2: These screenshots do not feel related to merge conflictsx, should those errors not occur in the normal commit check job? https://github.com/ferrocene/ferrocene/blob/30d0f4f9ffc4506cbc6ba051d1c886b2b8181012/.github/workflows/commit.yml#L38-L39

Reviewer: was this handled... I see the screenshot is still there

  git add <FILE_1> <FILE_2> # stages file(s)

If code needs to be added or modified for Ferrocene needs, leave a comment

> above to track the change easily.

Reviewer: let the dev decide
```suggestion
to track the change easily.
```

In the majority of cases, the deleted file is a test which is renamed or moved. In that case, the annotations must be transferred to the moved or renamed test. 
If the test with annotations was just deleted, it is necessary to go to the traceability-matrix and see whether the behavior is still covered by another test.
That is, the tag is still listed in another test.

As an example, upstream deleted the file `tests/ui/consts/miri_unleashed/mutable_references_err.rs`:

.. code-block:: rust

   <<<PULL-UPSTREAM>>> file deleted upstream; move the Ferrocene annotations if any, and delete this file
  // ... 
  // ferrocene-annotations: fls_qztk0bkju9u
  // Borrow Expression
  // ...

Please make sure that the fls annotation still exists:

.. figure:: figures/traceability-matrix.png

   fls_qztk0bkju9u is still present in 83 tests

If an annotation is lost, another test that covers that behavior should be found.
This can be done in a subsequent PR.

Unknown conflicts and new errors
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""" 

When an error previously unknown appears, such as a library not being found,
try to isolate the faulty process that triggered it with `ferrocene/ci/split-tasks.py`. 

> The list of possible jobs can be found in `./circleci/workflow.yml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The list of possible jobs can be found in `.circleci/workflow.yml`.
```

As an example, upstream deleted the file `tests/ui/consts/miri_unleashed/mutable_references_err.rs`:

.. code-block:: rust

   <<<PULL-UPSTREAM>>> file deleted upstream; move the Ferrocene annotations if any, and delete this file
  // ... 
  // ferrocene-annotations: fls_qztk0bkju9u
  // Borrow Expression
  // ...

Please make sure that the fls annotation still exists:

.. figure:: figures/traceability-matrix.png

   fls_qztk0bkju9u is still present in 83 tests

If an annotation is lost, another test that covers that behavior should be found.
This can be done in a subsequent PR.

Unknown conflicts and new errors
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""" 

When an error previously unknown appears, such as a library not being found,
try to isolate the faulty process that triggered it with `ferrocene/ci/split-tasks.py`. 
The list of possible jobs can be found in `./circleci/workflow.yml`.

Then check upstream for related fixes. If the failure was solved later, close the current PR
and pull a new one, including the fix.

Blessing
""""""""

Sometimes, the output of `stderr` has changed upstream.

Run ``x test tests/<path-to-failing-tests-folder> --bless``

Monitor CI
^^^^^^^^^^

> If CI is failing, it will wait for the whole run before before reporting on GitHub. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If CI is failing, it will wait for the whole run before reporting on GitHub. 
```

Do not hesitate to monitor CI, as bors can report several hours later.

CI shows at what stage the failure happened and how it is affecting the build.

.. figure:: figures/ci-failure.png

   Failure on Github

.. figure:: figures/ci-failure-2.png

   Failure on CircleCi

Ignored tests
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Ferrocene keeps a file for ignored tests, and the reason.

Author: yes

we need to port this change to another file. Usually this change needs to
happen in the same PR.

If the deleted file is a test and had annotations, it is necessary to go to the

> traceability-matrix and see whether the behavior is still covered by another test, 
> that is, that the tag is still listed in another test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
traceability-matrix and see whether the behavior is still covered by another test.
That is, the tag is still listed in another test.
```

As an example, upstream deleted the file `tests/ui/consts/miri_unleashed/mutable_references_err.rs`:

.. code-block:: rust

   <<<PULL-UPSTREAM>>> file deleted upstream; move the Ferrocene annotations if any, and delete this file
  // ... 
  // ferrocene-annotations: fls_qztk0bkju9u
  // Borrow Expression
  // ...

Please make sure that the fls annotation still exists:

.. figure:: figures/traceability-matrix.png

   fls_qztk0bkju9u is still present in 83 tests

> If an annotation is lost, inform the team; to try to find another test that covers that behavior. 

Reviewer: be more general
```suggestion
If an annotation is lost, another test that covers that behavior should be found.
```

This can be done in a subsequent PR.

Unknown conflicts and new errors
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""" 

> When errors precendently unknown appear, such as a library not being found,

Reviewer: a more common word
```suggestion
When errors previously unknown appears, such as a library not being found,
```

try to isolate the faulty process that triggered it with `ferrocene/ci/split-tasks.py`. 
The list of possible jobs can be found in `./circleci/workflow.yml`.

Then check upstream for related fixes. If the failure was solved later, close the current PR
and pull a new one, including the fix.

Blessing
""""""""

Sometimes, the output of `stderr` has changed upstream.

Run ``x test tests/<path-to-failing-tests-folder> --bless``

Monitor CI
^^^^^^^^^^

> If CI fail, it will fail early but not report. Do not hesitate to monitor CI, as bors can report 

Reviewer: something like
```suggestion
If CI is failing, it will wait for the whole run before before reporting on GitHub. Do not hesitate to monitor CI, as bors can report 
```

several hours later.

.. figure:: figures/CI-failure.png

Ignored tests
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Ferrocene keeps a file for ignored tests, and the reason.

Commit and push
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> After having fixed the conflicts, verify with ``x build``.

Reviewer: to not assume people have the Rust executable installed
```suggestion
After having fixed the conflicts, verify with ``./x build``.
```

License failures
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> You can run ``x fmt --check`` locally to check for licence validity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run ``./x test tidy`` locally to check for licence validity.
```

Author: thank you!!

   some tidy checks failed

Then you can just commit and push the ``deps.rs`` changes.

Trigger an upstream pull
------------------------

When we are delayed, it is recommended to make a manual pull from Github Actions. Choose the job `Automatic upstream pull` > `Run workflow`, 

> and set a max number of PRs to be included (upper limit, 150). Please be aware that the more PR are pulled, the more conflicts; so this is a judgement call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and set a max number of PRs to be included (upper limit, 150). Please be aware that the more PRs are pulled, the more conflicts; so this is a judgement call.
```
